The lake is a long way from here.
Let me help you with your baggage.
Two seats were vacant.
If Purple People Eaters are real… where do they find purple people to eat?
Wednesday is hump day, but has anyone asked the camel if he’s happy about it?
Hurry!
We need to rent a room for our party.
I love eating toasted cheese and tuna sandwiches.
If I don’t like something, I’ll stay away from it.
Tom got a small piece of pie.
If you like tuna and tomato sauce- try combining the two. It’s really not as bad as it sounds.
Joe made the sugar cookies; Susan decorated them.
She did her best to help him.
She always speaks to him in a loud voice.
Abstraction is often one floor above you.
She wrote him a long letter, but he didn't read it.
I was very proud of my nickname throughout high school but today- I couldn’t be any different to what my nickname was.
My Mum tries to be cool by saying that she likes all the same things that I do.
Mary plays the piano.
Everyone was busy, so I went to the movie alone.
She did not cheat on the test, for it was not the right thing to do.
I am never at home on Sundays.
He said he was not there yesterday; however, many people saw him there.
Someone I know recently combined Maple Syrup & buttered Popcorn thinking it would taste like caramel popcorn. It didn’t and they don’t recommend anyone else do it either.
Last Friday in three week’s time I saw a spotted striped blue worm shake hands with a legless lizard.
Where do random thoughts come from?
I really want to go to work, but I am too sick to drive.
He didn’t want to go to the dentist, yet he went anyway.
Check back tomorrow; I will see if the book has arrived.
Rock music approaches at high velocity.
He turned in the research paper on Friday; otherwise, he would have not passed the class.
The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
She folded her handkerchief neatly.
I hear that Nancy is very pretty.
The shooter says goodbye to his love.
I often see the time 11:11 or 12:34 on clocks.
I think I will buy the red car, or I will lease the blue one.
He told us a very exciting adventure story.
There was no ice cream in the freezer, nor did they have money to go to the store.
The old apple revels in its authority.
I want more detailed information.
I checked to make sure that he was still alive.
Sometimes, all you need to do is completely make an ass of yourself and laugh it off to realise that life isn’t so bad after all.
I am happy to take your donation; any amount will be greatly appreciated.
This is the last random sentence I will be writing and I am going to stop mid-sent
Lets all be unique together until we realise we are all the same.
Should we start class now, or should we wait for everyone to get here?
I want to buy a onesie… but know it won’t suit me.
Sixty-Four comes asking for bread.
Christmas is coming.